Sprint Reflection

Group: Ocarina
Class: 9:10-10:05

The team performed much better this sprint than it did
in the previous sprint. As can be seen in the burndown
chart, the group had better pacing. The reason why
the slope was fairly flat in the first few days was
because we were working on refactoring the previous 
code for that weekend, and so there wasn't a whole lot
of room to add new features. After that, the group was
well and ready to go into the current sprint.

One thing which has attributed to our improvement is that
we recently implemented deadlines and assigned tasks to people
into our task board. There's still room for improvement, but the
current improvements really raised the level of accountability,
communication, and reliability within the group regardless. 
Another is that we did a bit more research by actually playing the
Legend of Zelda game on an NES emulator and by looking up some
videos on how to do collisions (links after the end of reflection).
Again, still room for improvement, but the current improvement is
nothing to complain about. Finally, another improvement was that we 
really amped up our communication. People were talking
on the Discord group chat and updating that much more than
previously, which gave a sense of real-time organization synergizing
with long term organization, such as in task boards.

All of the above points are things that we
should continue to do in the future.

As for points of improvement, there is the old software saying 
"The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time, and the last 
10% takes 90% of the time", so it perhaps would have been more 
optimal to see the burndown chart slope down more at the beginning and
taper off at the end. Another point is that it would be better
to keep more up to date on one another, as there's sometimes the
tendency for 4-5 people to really get it together and grind out
the work for a few days and leave the other 1-2 people in the dust
which, while it doesn't affect how fast the burndown chart slopes down,
it puts a disproportionate amount of work on people, decreasing synergy
and making it harder and more frustrating to sustain.

As for plans to improve on those points, we haven't made any plans
yet. We'll probably research more about the next part of the project
over spring break, form rough requirements in our head individually,
and regroup to discuss how we want to further organize and split up
the work. This should certainly help us with improving organization
and making sure that people have equal and tangible goals.

Finally, there were 0 changes in this sprint which were
detrimental to the group. Every change seemed to be for the better,
which is rather lucky and we're all grateful for that.

End of reflection

links:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_tdffN7s1w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV8P9aq2gQo